README.md, before:

<!-- Please do not change this html logo with link -->
<a href="https://www.microchip.com" rel="nofollow"><img src="images/microchip.png" alt="MCHP" width="300"/></a>

# Update the title for atmega4809-adc-basics-studio here

<!-- This is where the introduction to the example goes, including mentioning the peripherals used -->

## Related Documentation

<!-- Any information about an application note or tech brief can be linked here. Use unbreakable links!
     In addition a link to the device family landing page and relevant peripheral pages as well:
     - [AN3381 - Brushless DC Fan Speed Control Using Temperature Input and Tachometer Feedback](https://microchip.com/00003381/)
     - [PIC18F-Q10 Family Product Page](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/8-bit/pic-mcus/device-selection/pic18f-q10-product-family) -->

## Software Used

<!-- All software used in this example must be listed here. Use unbreakable links!
     - MPLAB® X IDE 5.30 or newer [(microchip.com/mplab/mplab-x-ide)](http://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-x-ide)
     - MPLAB® XC8 2.10 or a newer compiler [(microchip.com/mplab/compilers)](http://www.microchip.com/mplab/compilers)
     - MPLAB® Code Configurator (MCC) 3.95.0 or newer [(microchip.com/mplab/mplab-code-configurator)](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-code-configurator)
     - MPLAB® Code Configurator (MCC) Device Libraries PIC10 / PIC12 / PIC16 / PIC18 MCUs [(microchip.com/mplab/mplab-code-configurator)](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/mplab-code-configurator)
     - Microchip PIC18F-Q Series Device Support (1.4.109) or newer [(packs.download.microchip.com/)](https://packs.download.microchip.com/) -->

## Hardware Used

<!-- All hardware used in this example must be listed here. Use unbreakable links!
     - PIC18F47Q10 Curiosity Nano [(DM182029)](https://www.microchip.com/Developmenttools/ProductDetails/DM182029)
     - Curiosity Nano Base for Click boards™ [(AC164162)](https://www.microchip.com/Developmenttools/ProductDetails/AC164162)
     - POT Click board™ [(MIKROE-3402)](https://www.mikroe.com/pot-click) -->

## Setup

<!-- Explain how to connect hardware and set up software. Depending on complexity, step-by-step instructions and/or tables and/or images can be used -->

## Operation

<!-- Explain how to operate the example. Depending on complexity, step-by-step instructions and/or tables and/or images can be used -->

## Summary

<!-- Summarize what the example has shown -->

Commit message:

MPAE-4735 Made readme and uploaded project

README.md, after:

<a href="https://www.microchip.com" rel="nofollow"><img src="images/microchip.png" alt="MCHP" width="300"/></a>

# ATMEGA4809 Xplained Pro ADC basics

This is an example of how to get started with the ADC on the ATMEGA4809, this is a general example which is applicable to the whole megaAVR 0-series.

## Related Documentation

- [AN2573 - ADC Basics with tinyAVR 0- and 1-series, and megaAVR 0-series](https://www.microchip.com/wwwAppNotes/AppNotes.aspx?appnote=en601379)
- [ATmega4809 Family Product Page](https://www.microchip.com/design-centers/8-bit/avr-mcus/device-selection/atmega4809)

## Software Used

- [Atmel Studio 7.0 or newer](https://www.microchip.com/mplab/avr-support/atmel-studio-7)
- ATmega_DFP 1.4.351 or newer

## Hardware Used

- ATmega4809 Xplained Pro [(ATMEGA4809-XPRO)](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATMEGA4809-XPRO)

## Setup

1. Open `ADCBasicswithmegaAVR0-Series.atsln` in Atmel Studio
2. Connect the ATmega4809 Xplained Pro to your computer with a micro usb cable.
3. In your menu bar in Atmel Studio go to `Debug->Start Without Debugging` or press `CTRL + ALT + F5`
4. Open data visualizer under `Tools->Data Visualizer` to view the messages which is transmitted through UART.

## Operation

As mentioned in the appnote [AN2573](#Related-Documentation) you can change the voltage level of the adc input port and the approximated value will be shown over UART through data visualizer.
## Summary

We here shown how to setup and get started with the ADC basics project. For more details about this example and how the ADC works please see the [AN2573](#Related-Documentation) Application Note.
